Chameleon - SAP Case Team Mentors:
Alexander Efremov(aefremov@gmail.com) and Agamemnon Baltagiannis (agamemnon.baltagiannis@sap.com)

SAP Case Team:
Stefan Panev (stephen.panev@gmail.com), Metodi Nikolov (metodi.nikolov@gmail.com), Ivan Vrategov (ivanvrategov@gmail.com, Radoslav Dimitrov (rdimitrov@indeavr.com)
Team Toolset:
R (tidyverse)
Excel

Business Understanding
Who: Reatial Supermarket
What: The effects of the promotions of compeditors on the volume of sales.

Data Understanding
Creating Dummy Varaibles
Ploting variables against each other
https://github.com/Bugzey/Chameleon-SAP

Data Understanding
Chart 1 Ploloting the volume of sales agains the weeks, it is devided by the different types of promotions. There is a lot of variation.
Chart 2 Ploting the actual price against the weeks, it is devided by the different types of promotions. Usually the price variation is less then 20%
case A and E are exceptions.
Chart 3 Ploting the volume of sales against the weeks, it is devided by the different types of promotions. A type of promotion is having the highest volumes.
Chart 4 Ploting the actual price against the weeks, it is devided by the different types of promotions. A type is having the lowest prices.
Chart 5 Ploting the volume of sales against the weeks, it is devided by the different types of promotions.
Chart 6 Ploting the dummy variavle BaseSales against the weeks, the latest weeks have the highest baselines.
Chart 7 Ploting the dummy variavle SalesYearPast against the weeks, the situation is similar to that of Chart 6.

Note 1 the Chart numbering in github is not the same as here. Here the sourced code is being followed on the numbering.
Note 2 The legend of charts 6-8 the name of the color does not match with the true colors.

Data Preparation
1. Raw Data:
Dataset 1--> Data Type: Sales --> Data Format: CSV
Dataset 2--> Data Type: Manipolated Data Sales --> Data Format: CSV (dummy variables have been added to the intial dataset) for the compeditors.


Modeling


Evaluation

Deployment
The project is deployed in R. Due to the small data size MS Excel proves being sufficient for some analysis.